2025 site copy updates (#2267)
writethedocs/www: docs/conf/portland/2025/volunteer.md

Reviewer: - Replace banner image with the following, https://drive.google.com/file/d/1BVlx99Rg1C0nmMKVwjbXFDqseGsX0Btk/view?usp=drive_link

- I'm unable to make edits to the Volunteer copy below. Will you make this editable?

# Volunteer Information

> Our volunteer applications are open! We are looking for volunteers to provide support with a variety of conference roles - registration, writing day, Unconference, stage support, catering, load out, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our volunteer application is open! We are looking for volunteers to provide support with a variety of conference roles - registration, writing day, Unconference, stage support, catering, load out, and more.
```

> Our volunteer applications are open! We are looking for volunteers to provide support with a variety of conference roles - registration, writing day, Unconference, stage support, catering, load out, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our volunteer application is open! We are looking for volunteers to provide support with a variety of conference roles - registration, Writing Day, Unconference, stage support, catering, load out, and more.
```

> Completing this form gives us an idea of what days and roles you are interested in volunteering. Another form will be sent out once the speaker schedule is released in early March.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Completing this form signs you up to volunteer. We will close the form once volunteer capacity is reached. Another form will be sent out once the speaker schedule is released mid-February.
```

**Timeline:**

- Now - February 14: Volunteer applications open
- February 14 - March 26: Volunteer schedule sign up open
- End of March: Volunteer schedule emailed

> **[Sign up today! View the Volunteer Application form for more information.](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeO5JMVVn1F2NN6keihd0qrLRnytaCMyBAefBjWGW_sz0Iwwg/viewform?usp=sf_link)**

Reviewer: Add photo below, https://drive.google.com/file/d/1pWDKlXpeqIogG_YKdXf27R3FsxW52ic8/view?usp=drive_link
